this is something that I make you want
to slap your mama whoa you know I know
what you mean live in direct from
Hollywood it's feast or hunger squad
we're gonna be traveling all over
Southern California we're gonna go to
one soul food that you eat there's holes
in it that's all food joint they're
gonna tell us their favorite soul food
joy and then you follow that trail and
go on and on and on until you find the
best soul food in Los Angeles can I get
an amen amen
perfect let's go go say that all day are
we gonna judge these places by the way
do you feel it in your soul
I got salt hey flash flavor flavor yeah
and then the last one last one comfort
comfort can I get an amen amen
whoa about to pull up to the spot the
boiler you know here's what up 30% Asian
out here Stephen did some Wikipedia on
the way today we're on this like soul
food adventure and we're trying to find
the best soul food in whole LA it's
gonna be pretty tough to beat yours to
find out you're an Asian dude I'm an
Asian dude how did you get in the soul
food business just fell in love with New
Orleans um decided to try to bring it
over to Southern California he doesn't
really know much about soul food what do
you think he's gonna learn today it's
all about the Trinity spices like you
know the truck yeah yeah a holy tree
Holy Trinity Alexis already all right
let's do this
this is what I got so far we've got
oysters on the half-shell we've got
shrimp po-boy
we've got gumbo and then we've got some
bacon-wrapped delicious looking morsels
over here all right I don't eat this
slider done you're going
very much better than the deletion whoo
that is fresh I guess not man I'm in ok
let's do the pan house signature dish
going down the hatch big girls of
seafood not expecting nothing that right
there that's so cool
as per the huge I'm eating too much and
we have two more stops I'm gonna click
hauling off here no way you'll get to
cut me off as far as comfort goes I'm
feeling warm flavors exploding all over
the place they're getting they're
getting a foreign flavor no no you're
not saying flavor right it's playable
but I'm gonna give them before we still
have two more places to go so I'll give
it a 5 a straight 5 I mean when we
talked about the Trinity today when
you're not eating
soul food at your own spot have you
heard of any good places in LA that have
really good salt it's a great spot
called mama slow down on Pico in LA back
to Los Angeles we're going to mama soul
Oh
alright guys ready to go to mama soul
yeah you okay I'm fine you don't look
okay
I feel very full I feel ready to eat
another two round I'm ready for some
like mac and cheese though I got alright
so we finally made it to mama soul we
have star here our niche is that we do
all-natural so our meats have no
pesticides no hormones and we work with
local farmers for our produce so we're
very proud of that
I took the yummiest things and soul food
and put it all together a mac and cheese
yams that I love black eye peas that I
grew up with so it's flavors from all
over
let's just dig in yo I got my start as a
soul food ranch like I love that there's
a turkey leg floating in the colors
beans remind me of something I don't
know what it is but it's comfort oh hey
wait this corn breads got a little
sticky top
don't interrupt a woman she's eating oh
I can't make any judgments yet until I
paint the catfish though there's not one
thing rating here is the same as
anything we ate last Drive yet it's
still soft
you forget that so foods kind of a
pretty big wide variety of stuff I
literally feel like I'm in my own
Canaria kitchen you havin it want named
canary yeah that's amazing you're
comfortable look I'm at home you go for
point by ones later 4.50 flavor
no paws are around are you convinced
Freddy I'm coming around you don't have
to go back to Virginia defense all food
ready I don't feel like this was like a
family reunion experience love comfort
good food good vibe
gotta keep going look alive still come
on we don't have time for your
shenanigans no I can't go anymore I quit
all right I'm getting the car Freddy you
only get in the car get in the car all
right so we are headed to chef Marilyn's
on Crenshaw Boulevard so we are here
with chef Marilyn of Chef Marilyn's be
chef Maryland 27 years you still love it
you wake up every day excited I love it
I work seven days a week I wake up every
day and the fulfillment part is that
people love the food favorite thing on
your on your menu people love everything
so food is good and it's from the heart
that's probably the easiest way to
define it
from the heart
so we got mac and cheese yam black-eyed
peas spinach smelly chicken smothered
chicken and pork chow
all right guys our last stop on the soul
food tour this is a takeout only joint
so we're eating in the back of the car I
have to say I think this catfish is
better than one no way longevity
after like 20 minutes are still good way
to taste this the cornbread is really
getting me excited the crispy edges
I love crispy edges mmm yeah yeah sure
is
it's delicious you can tell she's put a
lot of love and butter butter is her
main ingredient yeah but that's what
soul food is I gotta say this the sole
factor here is is a full-throttle five
out of the facts
yeah as a soul food now connoisseur fine
there's a lot of soul in this joint I
think it was that is that the meaning of
whole souls community souls family soul
is like legacy hongting South Korea this
guy yeah
what are we learning about fall food
today it's really diverse it's really
diverse way more diverse than I think
anybody gives it credit for there's a
lot of things you can call soul we out
you can't see